Add Console Agent documentation (#1715)
snowplow/documentation: docs/llms-support/index.md

Snowplow supports agentic and LLM-powered workflows in several ways.

## Console Agent

> The [Console Agent](/docs/llms-support/console-agent/index.md) is an AI assistant built into Snowplow BDP Console. It lets you manage your tracking implementation, monitor pipelines, troubleshoot issues, and configure Signals through natural language conversation, using your existing Console permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Console Agent](/docs/llms-support/console-agent/index.md) is an AI assistant built into [Snowplow Console](https://console.snowplowanalytics.com). It lets you manage your tracking implementation, monitor pipelines, troubleshoot issues, and configure Signals through natural language conversation, using your existing Console permissions.
```
😱
